
Langbase is the most powerful serverless AI platform for building AI agents with memory.
Build, deploy, and scale AI agents with tools and memory (RAG). Simple AI primitives with a world-class developer experience without using any frameworks.

Compared to complex AI frameworks, Langbase is serverless and the first composable AI platform.

Build AI agents without any bloated frameworks. You write the logic, we handle the logistics.

Start by building simple AI agents (pipes)
Then train serverless semantic Memory agents (RAG) to get accurate and trusted results
Langbase provides several options to get started:

AI Studio: Build, collaborate, and deploy AI Agents with tools and Memory (RAG).
Langbase SDK: Easiest wasy to build AI Agents with TypeScript. (recommended)
HTTP API: Build AI agents with any language (Python, Go, PHP, etc.).
or BaseAI.dev: Local-first, open-source web AI framework.
Langbase — The most powerful serverless AI Agents platform
Langbase — The most powerful serverless AI Agents platform
Products	Description
⌘ AI Pipes
(Serverless Agents)
Pipes are serverless AI agents with agentic tools. Work with any language or framework. Pipe is a serverless AI agent. It has agentic memory and tools. Deploy thousands of serverless agent pipes as easily as a website. Build and scale AI experiences powered by industry-leading 250+ LLM models and tools. Learn more about AI Pipes.
⌘ AI Memory
(Serverless RAG)
Langbase memory agents are the next frontier in semantic retrieval-augmented generation (RAG) as a serverless and infinitely scalable API designed for developers. 30-50x less expensive than compeition, with industry-leading accuracy in advanced agentic routing and intelligent reranking.
Memory is multi-tanent by design. Have tens of millions of memory RAG stores. Per user or per use-case memory RAGs. Memory is a powerful tool for developers to build AI features and products. Learn more about AI Memory agents.
⌘ AI Studio
(Dev Platform)
Langbase studio is your playground to build, collaborate, and deploy AI. It allows you to experiment with your pipes in real-time, with real data, store messages, version your prompts, and truly helps you take your idea from building prototypes to deployed in production with LLMOps on usage, cost, and quality. Access Langbase Studio.
A complete AI developers platform.
- Collaborate: Invite all team members to collaborate on the pipe. Build AI together.
- Developers & Stakeholders: All your R&D team, engineering, product, GTM (marketing and sales), literally all your stakeholders can collaborate on the same pipe. It's like a powerful version of GitHub x Google Docs for AI. A complete AI developers platform.
Join today
Langbase is free for anyone to get started. We process billions of AI messages tokens daily, used by thousands of developers. Tweet us — what will you ship with Langbase? It all started with a developer thinking … GPT is amazing, I want it everywhere, that's what ⌘ Langbase does for me.

Get started
Agent Architectures
Explore different agent architectures and how to build them.

Langbase SDK
Learn how to use the Langbase SDK to build AI agents with TypeScript.

AI Agents (Pipes)
Build and deploy serverless AI agents we call pipes with tools.

Memory Agents
Build AI agents with Memory for Retrieval-augmented generation (RAG).

Guides
Docs AI Agent: AI in docs
Build an AI agent with RAG that answers questions from your docs.


AI Email Agent: Handle your emails
Build a composable multi agent architecture using Langbase SDK.


Build your own v0, Lovable, or Bolt
Build a coding agent like v0, lovable, bolt with Langbase SDK.


Understand how RAG works
Understand how RAG works and how to use it in your app.


Langbase Agent Examples
Explore open-source Langbase agent examples on GitHub.


Internet Research Agent Tool
Build a tool for AI agents that can help you research on the internet.


Features
Memory
Use agentic RAG memory with 30-50x in-expensive vector storage.

Threads
Store and retrieve messages in a Pipe for a conversation-like experience.

Versions
Create and manage versions of agents to track changes and compare results.

Fork
Fork to make a copy of any open agent in your account and ship faster.

Variables
Add variables to a prompts in Pipes to make them dynamic.

Logs
Detailed logs of each Pipe request with information like LLM request cost etc.

Auto tool calling
Auto tool calling enables agents to call external tools and APIs.

Few-shot
Few-shot messages enable LLMs to learn from simple system and AI prompt examples.

Prompt
A prompt sets the context for the LLM and the user, shaping the conversation and responses.

Rerank
Rerank to reorder a list of documents based on semantic relevance.

Prompt Optimization
Optimizer models optimize a prompt for enhanced results.

Safety
Define a safety prompt for any LLM.

Stream
Stream agent responses to improve the user's agent experience.

Moderation
Set custom moderation settings for OpenAI models in a Pipe.

JSON mode
JSON mode of Pipe instructs the LLM to give output in JSON.

Experiments
Run experiments to test the performance of different LLMs and prompts.

Readme
Add a README to a Pipe to provide additional information.

API & SDK
Managed API to deploy and scale serverless AI agents with Langbase.

Keysets
Add all LLM API keys once to seamless switch between models in a Pipe.

Usage
View insights of each Pipe request.

Examples
Multiple ready to use examples to quickly setup the Pipe.

Model Presets
Configure response parameters of LLMs in a Pipe using model presets.

Organizations
Foster collaboration among users within a shared workspace via organizations.

Open Pipes
Open Pipes on Langbase allows users to create and share pipes with the public.

Composable AI
Langbase, Inc. © Copyright 2025. All rights reserved.

Follow us on X
Follow us on LinkedIn
Join our Discord server
Follow us on GitHub
